So we've tested the app, and we know that we're getting data, which is wonderful.
But how do we then get the data into our composable so we can work with it?
What we do is, of course, we have search screen here and can pass the full model by saying book search
view models and say illed of your model, OK?
And then of course, that means the data that we want.
It's going to be added or it has to be retrieved instead of book lists.
So that means in our book lists here, we can also pass something like this or the model, and we're
going to have an issue there because we have to say that book list needs to have if you model book search
like this.
And at this point, here will hope that and this point here, hopefully we can just say something like,
Hi, go, let's say log.
The right here, and I can say.
View model.
Go to a list of books, mutable state.
Then go to value and then let's go ahead.
Data like they see what happens.
Let's add call is.
Tag like this.
Let's see what's going to happen.
So you can see here now that in the beginning, we still have this book list book list.
Tag is still empty and then we have this tag search books, not list change.
I'm going to show you here something that's changed this tag to something different.
Let's say search like this, so it's different, so we can see what I'm about to show you here.
It's run again.
OK.
Click.
All right.
We see that we have Booklist Booklist still empty, and then we go to search this one here and shows
that.
But if we go back, let me actually search for Booklist.
You'll see what will happen here.
I actually add Booklist.
You'll see that indeed, we start with empty, empty and then at some point, do we get that information?
So this is very normal because remember, it takes a few milliseconds to go and get that data and pass
it through our model for us to receive it.
So it may seem that it's empty forever, but it's not really.
So this is why we have added this list of books into a wrapper class.
We can now to do something like this and can say if it's does test things we say, if you model, we're
going to call and see dot list of books, right?
And then or go to value to get actually the data or exception and say loading is true.
If it's loading.
I'm going to go ahead and say, show me a circle progress bar indicator like this.
And what I can do also, I can say loading or log D. Let's see serial tag.
Let's just say Boom.
Like this, OK?
And I'm going to say loading.
Give it a time.
Else we're just going to say log D. And let's just go ahead and get the list.
In fact, it's actually, let's just take this.
And put inside there, OK?
And I'm going to do the same tag, so we're not confused like this will get the actual data.
Let's see what's going to happen now.
But right now?
All right.
Let's clear up, it's clear nicely, let's say Blue.
That's the tag we added there, OK, so let's go.
Aha, you saw there.
It's hard for a bit.
Let's go back.
I'm going to click again and see it flat for a bit because it takes time and then we should see in our
log blue.
Where it started, let's see, there we go.
Pool is loading.
Who is loading?
And then we ran search, so went ahead.
Of course, first is going to show what we have here because this makes sense in our field model directly
and then we'll see that scroll down.
Let's just look for booklets, I think this is going to be better.
Let's just look at a book list and you can see at some point, right?
Loading, loading and then book lists to get information.
All right.
So that's one of the things that he can be very frustrating, especially when he debugging and because
you're going to look at the logs and will say, well, nothing is coming in well, it just takes a little
bit.
Wait list is going to be empty in the beginning.
Few milliseconds later, it will probably.
So this is one of the reasons, again, that we have added, we wrapped our book list here mutable list,
mutable state, that is who wrapped it around this data or exception because we are going to pass bullion
an exception as well.
But most important, now we have this bullion that we are setting up as we get the data right.
We're safe.
We're getting today, and I'm going to say loading to true such.
And then we load our list of books of value by going to repository and get all the books passing the
query.
And there we have it, that the data may not be right away available because remember, we are going
somewhere in a network that we have no control over and it takes time.
All right.
Make sure also, because we are in the nav where navigation here we need to instantiate our view model
on hilt.
If you model like this and pass the type in this case or book social model and then we pass it along
as our review model there and in our search in this case, then we can instantiate just by saying view
more.
And once you have that in the root screen, in the root composable, then you can pass it along.
And inside of the where you are going to call it, then you we have their few models already instantiated
will be passing along and then we can just check for that data.